Lucie:
- Need to think about the timeframe: Concern about too many protests/battles/riots in the 6 months period (before and after) if we use manual coding. But it may be a good thing if we use a computational approach.
- One thing to concern is that ACLED tends to over-report events: 1) if the events last for a couple of days, there are a couple of entries; 2) if the same event happening in ths same day has different purposes (strategic planning versus actual implementation), it is counted as different events.
- Some countries are conflict-prone, like Mali. Too many events happened in the 6 months periods. Hard to find what might be relevant to the actual coups.
- Coups can be close (within the 6 month periods), but one succeeded and the other one failed.
- COLPUS has very detailed Narratives, and also the variable "foreign support."


Qinglin:
- ACLED Latin America dataset only covers 2018-2023, much shorter than other continents.
- 3600 events happend before and after the coup (*comment: a lot going on!) in Vanezuela
- Impression: two types of protests:

- 1) support anti-government voices 
- 2) grievances, complaining about wages, water supply, electricity etc.

The coups didn't succeed... so the government stayed. But protests changed: fewer about the support of anti-government voices, but still many protests about grievances. (*comment: intersting pattern!)

- 5 months before the coups, the largest media outlet died. The government pretty much controlled the media environment quite tightly.
- How would Covid lockdown affected the protest+reporting? (related article shared by Shuyuan: https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/13510347.2023.2209021)
- Reading descriptions of events from ACLED dataset can help us have a sense about what the unrests are about.

Shuyuan:
- Reading the narratives of COLPUS (https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qc5rVNpj7y24l7FYjPqVMKGtQYqR1LX9/view)
- Who the coups represent? (military interests? popular interests? elite interests?) Following the paper we tried to replicate, do elites represent popular interests or take advantage of popular interests? (*comment: my hunch is the latter) 
- There were foreign condemnations, but coups happened anyway.
- Quite a lot of protests happen on the grouond, but some are for the incumbents, others are against the incumbents. If we purely look at the nunmbers of protests, there could be measurement errors here. 
- Fraction of military. There are samll numbers of military trying risky coups. Maybe we can consider creating different types of coups as well.
- If we purely try to look at the numbers of protests before and after coups, there is a measurement issue: after the coups, there are less interests of reporting unrest in that country so people pay less attention to it.


One direction born out of discussion:
- Look at foreign actor. What drives foreign actors stand for coups? 
- Shuyuan shared his observation that countries in Africa still have strong colonial ties. Former colonizers may not be a big fan of coups -- they prefer a more stable/democratic way to conduct government change.
- Maybe we could look at whetehr foreign actors' interests and the public's interests align (foreign actor may support opposition/military hence support the coup, and the public is desperate to overthrow the government; or foreign actor may actually suport the current government and it prefers a democratic way so it is against coup attempts).
- Media needs to be the central part of our story. A critical part of looking at foreign and English-written media is that they represent the elites in less developed countries. Might be interesting to look at how foreign media narrative gets picked up and transported into the local news.
- Since it's less obvious for foreign actors to support coup as a way to overthrow the current government, we can look at how foreign press reports the coups and get their positions, along with other international sanctions dataset to see if the foreign actors pro or against the coups.
- We can even track the news to civil unrest before coups, and see if optimistic depictions of (bigger, more organized) protests beforehand can predict foreign actor's support to the coups. 


Je Hoon:
- Nice explanation of word embedding technique!!
- Replicable since it uses ALC pre-trained dataset
- With the pre-trained dataset, we don't need large number of corpus. It's also inexpensive (compared to human coding or supervised coding), though it needs some human validation. Soon there would be a release of multi-language pre-trained data.
- The original paper uses simple terms to create vectors. It seems we can do better.
- Very cool project to actually use media rerports to show changes in media freedom. 

For next meeting:
- Je Hoon and Victor continue the coding process.
- The rest of us read a bit more about our cases, qualitatively. 
