# Meeting notes

## Review of cases
- Venezuela: a lot of protests against the regime at that time, the opposition leader got support from the news and Western leaders. However, the coups attempt failed *plausibly* because of the information provided by the Western media. [More information hurts?]
- Mali: the coups in 2012 and 2020 were successful, but Western leaders strongly condemned the coups because before 2012, Mali was a pretty stable democratic state. The coup was a surprise to observers. The first coup was due to “the incapacity of the regime to fight against the terrorists" (rebels).
International actors (U.S., E.U. U.K., African Union, United Nations) condemned and cut off aid (sanctioned) Mali heavily. The military junta did step down because of international pressure, but in between 2012 and 2020, Mali was chaos. Months of peaceful protests were before the 2020 coup, and the president resigned after a violent protest (coup) out of popular will of asking the president to resign.

### Variations:
- Position of foreign actors: one support, one condemn
- Numbers of media coverage: a lot of Western media coverage before coups in Venezuela, not much in Mali despite a lot of protests in Mali

## Discussions around Quesitons:
### What is the presumption in the literature of protest/coup especially when they are used in building the formal modeling? How can the newer data/computational methods challenge classic thinking?

We used to think that more information helps protests to coordinate. Media here facilitate information flows. But for coups, things might be different because coups itself require some secret planning of elites. It's hard to know
what media plays a role in elite decision-making. Maybe more information on media means more information leakage, which may hurt the coups planner.

It is also hard to establishe a causal mechanism that media coverage/foreign information leaks determine the success of coups. First, there are numerous factors contributing to the coups success. Second, media coverage is more likely a narrative/reflection of coups.

But maybe foreign support could be one important factor to determine the success of coupscondemnationthe success of the coup though. There are substantive and symbolic support and condemn from the international actors as well. But we may need to hold on this thought a bit. 
- support: sending military troops, weapons and aids, help with planning the plot beforehand (secretly), vote in the UN security council, ,regime-typedescriptivelynationalistsdetermining aidverbal support on the news
- condemnation: real sactions such as cut off aid/import, close energy source, UN special votes, etc., condemnation on the news

A possibility of backfiring response from nationalistsin determiningaid if the coups get international support.

### Could we just desciptively show how foreign media cover coups?

A couple of factors that could influence media coverage:
- violence level of coups
- regime type / democratic level prior to the coups (coups are perceived to be pro-/anti-democratic)
- relationship with the U.S. or China (power dynamics): alliance? dependependencesanctionsclosingcuttingin determiningestablishQuestionsto dece on aid? strategic position?
- incumbent or oppositional leader characteristics (we might be able to predict which leader would get support from the West once coups break out)
- Western position (sanctions in place?)
- Importance of the country in general (audiences may not care about a small country in Africa)

There is also a time dimension especially for the power dynamics or the regime type dimensions.

## DV: Numbers of media coverage of coups
- $DV_2$: sentiment/entity/specific narrative use in justfiying the coups/mention of population protests/grievances in the media coverage
- $DV_3$: numbers of coverage of protests before coups


# Next week:
- Je Hoon: Try the codes he developed and check the practability of getting the data
- Shuyuan/Lucie: Lit review about how the U.S news report protests or coups
- Qinglin/Lucie: NYT, WSJ article manual checks + close reading of the Venezuela case and Mali cases. Perhaps look for specific dimensions we can extract information if we can access the full text.
- Lucie: Think about how to design the study using the previous article Je Hoon discussed with us.
