We agreed that we could collect relevant variables for the reference dataset of coups. Then we could decide what the actual analysis would look like.

# Coups level data
Combining Colpus and Coup d'etat (excluding conspiracy ones) datasets, from 2000 to 2020, we have 128 coups cases. From *Wikipedia*, we could collect the following variables for the coups: 

- names of the coups
- names of the president/coup leader
- is the coup leader from the military/police
- whether there are protests proceeding the coups
- whether coups are peaceful or not
- what are the reasons for the coups 
- what are the reactions of foreign actors (condemn? support? NA?) (there are official sanction dataset as well)
- whether the coups are successful (did the leader exile or resign?)

These count as original data, and the **difficulty level** is (*).

# About the bias of the news reports: 
We could define it as report bias (counts) of coups. Possible ranges: 
- from 0 (no report) to 1; or
- from 0 to 30 (much attention)

**difficult level** (***): we need to match the news reports with the coup cases.

# About the sentiment coverage of the news reports:
## How to conceptualize delegitimize/legitimize
- whether there is a description of the social construct/hierarchy
- whether the sentiment is mobilizing
- whether there is mention of people's needs/grievances (water, electricity, power)
- whether there is a mention of the country's future (democratic backsliding/success/hope)

**difficult level** (*****): we need to make decisions and a very clear coding scheme for the four of us and the machine to understand human codings if we do framing analysis and scale it up.

# Protest-level data
- If we figure out bias and sentiment coverage for coups, it should work for protest. 
- We could either use information about protests before coups as new variables or treat protest data as a reference dataset (but we cannot do manual coding because there are too many of them). I personally prefer treating protest information as relevant variables.

# Country-level data
- whether the regime has a considerably high level of democracy in that year of coup crisis
- whether the regime has a good relationship with China or the US in that year of coup crisis (possible source: UN vote/foreign aid/investment/trade)

Those are existing data, so the **difficulty level** is (*).


# For Next time: 
Each of us finishes the manual coding of 6 coups in the file `coups_meta_data_working.xlsx` in the folder `daatasets` and checks if we need to delete/add what variables for the reference dataset. Event's Wikipedia page should be enough.

Cases assigned: 
Shuyuan: 1-3, 5-7
Lucie: 21, 23-27
Qinglin: 71-76
Je hoon: 104-119


