# Let's try this new direction

## Research question:

How are coups susceptible to foreign support?

It is an analysis of the relationship between foreign involvement and coup dynamics after it happens. The impact of variations of foreign support level (verbal vs. material） & from whom (NYT, Wall Street, AFP, African Union) on the democratic sides of coups (violence level, success, protests aftermaths, elections in the state-building). We use news media articles as the primary source of foreign support level.

## DV, IV

DV: coups' violence level? Success? leaders holding elections aftermaths?
IV: variations of foreign support level from news reports of coups (Count of news articles, quotes from Foreign policymakers/spokesmen, sentiment, topics): how do the U.S./other countries talk about the coups? Do they mention the public's wills, the democratic faiths, the pressure of the new government to hold elections, etc.?

Endogeneity issues: foreign actors are more likely to support coups that lead the countries to more democratic.


## Theoretical story: 

To complement domestic factors, foreign support should matter a lot as well. Coup leaders and state leaders care about whether the new/unstable regimes can get international support. Support can also come from various sources (international organizations, U.S., France, regional organizations...).

## Predictions: 

No pressure (not signify) ----> sled to military/authoritarian regime

Some pressure ----> countries more democratic; hold elections (promises to have elections)


