# What we discussed today:

1. Would be helpful to have a mini-codebook to maintain the consistency of coding.
   
2. Would be nice to capture the positions changed:
   - Situation changes? Timing of support?
   - When will their positions change?
     
3. Endogeneity issue:
   - Perhaps it's less significant if we see our data from the news articles provide a fine-grained latent attitude of the U.S. government officials. We are able to discern different levels of support using rhetoric,
     especially when there is no material support. When they condemn, how do they condemn?
     
4. Cases: Russia/China sometimes didn't say who they support, but they want to facilitate peace and promote peace-keeping talk. How does it count? Maybe we should consider different levels of support, rather than a binary one.

5. Classification file looks promising! I think the false positive is quite low, but we need to verify that by more rigorous human coding.
   - One issue is about the "content." The perfect situation would be the full article, but if we only have the excerpt, it's not the end of the world.
   - Sometimes the date of coup is missing, either because it refers to the historical event, or because the content is only the excerpt. It's fine because we have the date of publication.
   - Sometimes the country is missing, it's also fine because the news article usually starts with the place of reporting.
   - Once we have a collection of screened articles, we could take a further look. The goal, I think, is to lower the false negative rate (GPT says it's not coups relevant but in fact it is)!
  
   - An example of an ideal news article where we know that the U.S. does not want to get involved or support the coups. The U.S. seems to be hesitant to support the rebels because it says the coup is a "risky operation" and a lot ofuncertainties: "who would be in charge in a political transition process? What kind of government do they aim for?":
   - 2018-09-11: "America shouldn’t be in the coup business. Period.
It’s a relief, then, to learn that the Trump administration chose not to aid rebellious leaders in Venezuela seeking to overthrow President Nicolás Maduro. But it’s worrisome to think that
President Trump and his advisers made the right call for the wrong reason — lack of confidence in the plotters to succeed in a risky operation rather than principled concern about intervention.
There’s no doubt Mr. Maduro is an illegitimately elected leader driving his country to a catastrophic political, economic and societal meltdown. American officials discussed the possibility of helping
overthrow Mr. Maduro in three meetings over the last year with rebellious leaders, who had initiated the contact, The Times reported this past weekend.
Given the turmoil in Venezuela, it is not unreasonable for American diplomats to meet with all factions, including mutinous military officers, to learn their thinking. For instance,
who would be in charge in a political transition process? What kind of government do they aim for?
But holding multiple meetings with the plotters begins to look like collaboration. The news was bound to leak out, as it has."  
   
